well howdy there Internet piglets Bo
again so Congress was looking into the
thousands of sexual abuse reports filed
by migrant children who are in US
custody and I guess when talking to the
person over the office of refugee
resettlement which is under the
Department of Health and Human Services
a congress person misspoke
they misspoke and instead of saying that
contractors were responsible for some of
this abuse
I guess he said employees or staff well
the this hurt Health and Human Services
it hurt their feelings it hurt their
feelings and they also felt that they
needed to clarify that it it wasn't all
sexual abuse some of it was just sexual
misconduct against children that doesn't
make it better and I would say that it
doesn't matter if you farmed them out
like so many horses to be bred into
somebody else's stable it's still your
responsibility now even though your
feelings are hurt this is a little note
that would that was set to a reporter
Health and Human Services would be happy
to meet with him the Congress person in
the spoke once he corrects the hearing
record from last week and provides an
apology to the dedicated men and women
working tirelessly to protect and
improve the lives of unaccompanied alien
children in our care our care
I thought they weren't in your care I
thought it was contractors isn't that
why your feelings are hurt since this is
important to differentiate between staff
and contractors I have some questions of
my own which one of your staff was
responsible for her waving the FBI
fingerprint background check which one
of your staff was responsible for
recommending these shelters which one of
your staff was responsible for
overseeing the welfare of the children
you placed there if there wasn't a
person tasked with that specific
responsibility which one of your staff
was responsible for placing these
children at these peoples mercy which
one of your staff was responsible for
this idiotic statement and which one of
your staff thought the right move would
be to hinder a look into child sexual
abuse
I'm sorry misconduct because your
feelings were hurt the President of the
United States said that journalists
weren't the enemy of the people and
that's why you didn't have newspapers
for weeks on end and there were no news
reports on cable cable TV news we all
stopped working because our feelings
were hurt no of course not that's
idiotic
we had a job to do so do you it doesn't
matter if your feelings are hurt
my last question would be which one of
your staff should replace the person
responsible for this decision because if
somebody feels that their feelings are
more important and they're willing to
hinder a look into child sexual abuse
because of their feelings probably don't
deserve to be in the position you're in
anyway it's just a fault y'all have a
good night